Added docker compose (#5)
Hetsh/docker-stationeers: README.md

docker run --mount type=bind,source=/path/to/storage,target=/stationeers ...
```

## Using Docker Compose

> A contributed docker compose file has been included in this repository.  Modify to suit your own needs, the comments should make it clear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An exemplary docker-compose file is included in the GitHub [repository](https://github.com/Hetsh/docker-stationeers) (credit to [spannerman79](https://github.com/spannerman79)).  Modify to own needs, the comments should make it clear.
```

Author: Done
